com/ssafy/api/request/UserUpdateNoImagePutReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.UserUpdateNoImagePutReq
com/ssafy/api/controller/BoardController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.BoardController
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/DogType.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.DogType
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/ChatMessageRead.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.ChatMessageRead
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/BaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.BaseEntity
com/ssafy/config/BoardDBConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.BoardDBConfig
com/ssafy/api/response/UserProfileGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.UserProfileGetRes
com/ssafy/api/service/BoardServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.BoardServiceImpl
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QChatRoomJoin.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QChatRoomJoin
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/Community.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.Community
com/ssafy/api/service/AdoptService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.AdoptService
com/ssafy/config/querydsl/ChatQuerydslRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.config.querydsl.ChatQuerydslRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserProfileRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserProfileRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/api/request/ConferenceRegisterPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.ConferenceRegisterPostReq
com/ssafy/api/request/UserLoginPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.UserLoginPostReq
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/DogInformationSpecification.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$1
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$10
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$11
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$12
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$13
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$14
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$15
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$2
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$3
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$4
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$5
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$6
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$7
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$8
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationSpecification$9
com/ssafy/api/response/DogTypeGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.DogTypeGetRes
com/ssafy/api/service/CommunityService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.CommunityService
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QBoard.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QBoard
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/BookmarkRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.BookmarkRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/CounselingHistoryGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.CounselingHistoryGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QDogType.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QDogType
com/ssafy/api/request/BoardRegisterPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.BoardRegisterPostReq
com/ssafy/GroupCallApplication.java
 com.ssafy.GroupCallApplication
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/CommunityImage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.CommunityImage
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ChatRoomJoinRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ChatRoomJoinRepository
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/BookmarkRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.BookmarkRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/common/exception/handler/NotFoundHandler.java
 com.ssafy.common.exception.handler.NotFoundHandler
com/ssafy/api/response/MBTIDetailGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.MBTIDetailGetRes
com/ssafy/api/service/S3Uploader.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.S3Uploader
com/ssafy/api/response/ChatRoomGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.ChatRoomGetRes
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/CounselingHistoryRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.CounselingHistoryRepository
com/ssafy/config/querydsl/CommunityQuerydslRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.config.querydsl.CommunityQuerydslRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/api/request/ChatMessagePostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.ChatMessagePostReq
com/ssafy/api/controller/ChatPubController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.ChatPubController
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardDetailGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardDetailGetRes
com/ssafy/api/response/UserLoginPostRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.UserLoginPostRes
com/ssafy/config/querydsl/BoardQuerydslRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.config.querydsl.BoardQuerydslRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/api/response/AdoptFormGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.AdoptFormGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/Gugun.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.Gugun
com/ssafy/api/service/BoardService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.BoardService
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/QBookmark.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.QBookmark
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardRepository
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardCommentRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardCommentRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/CounselingHistoryListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.CounselingHistoryListGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QCode.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QCode
com/ssafy/kurento/Room.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.Room
 com.ssafy.kurento.Room$1
com/ssafy/config/JpaConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.JpaConfig
com/ssafy/kurento/UserRegistry.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserRegistry
com/ssafy/db/repository/community/CommunityImageRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.community.CommunityImageRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QBaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QBaseEntity
com/ssafy/api/service/MBTIServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.MBTIServiceImpl
com/ssafy/config/S3Config.java
 com.ssafy.config.S3Config
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/Code.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.Code
com/ssafy/api/response/CommunityBoardGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.CommunityBoardGetRes
com/ssafy/api/request/BoardDetailGetReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.BoardDetailGetReq
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/BaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.BaseEntity
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/ChatRoomJoin.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.ChatRoomJoin
com/ssafy/api/response/CommunityListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.CommunityListGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QChatMessage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QChatMessage
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QBoardComment.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QBoardComment
com/ssafy/api/response/ChatMessageListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.ChatMessageListGetRes
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ChatMessageReadRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ChatMessageReadRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QMBTI.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QMBTI
com/ssafy/api/request/BoardParamDto.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.BoardParamDto
com/ssafy/api/service/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.UserServiceImpl
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QBaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QBaseEntity
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/User.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.User
com/ssafy/api/request/AdoptFormReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.AdoptFormReq
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QChatMessageRead.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QChatMessageRead
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/QCommunityComment.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.QCommunityComment
com/ssafy/api/service/FindService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.FindService
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QSido.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QSido
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/Board.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.Board
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.Board$BoardBuilder
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/config/QuerydslConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.QuerydslConfig
com/ssafy/api/request/CommunityRegisterPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.CommunityRegisterPostReq
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/BoardComment.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.BoardComment
com/ssafy/api/request/StatusUpdatePutReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.StatusUpdatePutReq
com/ssafy/common/auth/KakaoUserDetails.java
 com.ssafy.common.auth.KakaoUserDetails
com/ssafy/kurento/RoomManager.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.RoomManager
com/ssafy/common/model/response/BaseResponseBody.java
 com.ssafy.common.model.response.BaseResponseBody
com/ssafy/api/response/ChatRoomListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.ChatRoomListGetRes
com/ssafy/config/querydsl/AuthQuerydslRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.config.querydsl.AuthQuerydslRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/ChatRoom.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.ChatRoom
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/BoardCategory.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.BoardCategory
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QConference.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QConference
com/ssafy/api/request/UserUpdatePutReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.UserUpdatePutReq
com/ssafy/db/repository/community/CommunityRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.community.CommunityRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/GugunCodeGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.GugunCodeGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/BoardImage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.BoardImage
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.BoardImage$BoardImageBuilder
com/ssafy/api/controller/UserController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.UserController
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/SearchCondition.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.SearchCondition
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ChatRoomRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ChatRoomRepository
com/ssafy/api/request/MbtiCalPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.MbtiCalPostReq
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardImageRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardImageRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardDetailListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardDetailListGetRes
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardListGetRes
com/ssafy/api/service/AdoptServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.AdoptServiceImpl
com/ssafy/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.SecurityConfig
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/Conference.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.Conference
com/ssafy/api/service/ChatServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.ChatServiceImpl
com/ssafy/db/repository/community/CommunityCommentRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.community.CommunityCommentRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/QCounselingHistory.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.QCounselingHistory
com/ssafy/api/service/FindServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.FindServiceImpl
 com.ssafy.api.service.FindServiceImpl$DogInfoWithScore
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/DogInformation.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.DogInformation
com/ssafy/config/AuthDBConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.AuthDBConfig
com/ssafy/api/response/MBTIListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.MBTIListGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/ChatMessage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.ChatMessage
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/QBaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.QBaseEntity
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QBoardImage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QBoardImage
com/ssafy/api/controller/KakaoController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.KakaoController
com/ssafy/api/request/CommunityParamDtoInterface.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.CommunityParamDtoInterface
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QBoardCategory.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QBoardCategory
com/ssafy/config/CommunityDBConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.CommunityDBConfig
com/ssafy/api/service/ChatService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.ChatService
com/ssafy/api/controller/CommunityController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.CommunityController
com/ssafy/api/request/CommentPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.CommentPostReq
com/ssafy/api/response/CommentListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.CommentListGetRes
com/ssafy/api/response/AdoptFormData.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.AdoptFormData
com/ssafy/config/WebSocketConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.WebSocketConfig
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserTokenRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserTokenRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/Bookmark.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.Bookmark
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/GugunRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.GugunRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/CommunityComment.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.CommunityComment
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/CodeRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.CodeRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/BookmarkListGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BookmarkListGetRes
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserProfileRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserProfileRepository
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ChatMessageRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ChatMessageRepository
com/ssafy/kurento/GroupCallApp.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.GroupCallApp
com/ssafy/api/response/UserRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.UserRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QChatRoom.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QChatRoom
com/ssafy/api/service/CommunityServiceImpl.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.CommunityServiceImpl
com/ssafy/api/service/KakaoAPI.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.KakaoAPI
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/SidoRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.SidoRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardRecentListRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardRecentListRes
com/ssafy/api/response/MBTIResultPostRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.MBTIResultPostRes
com/ssafy/api/request/CommunityParamDto.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.CommunityParamDto
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/QUserToken.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.QUserToken
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/Sido.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.Sido
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardCommentRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardCommentRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/UserProfile.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.UserProfile
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/DogInformationRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QGugun.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QGugun
com/ssafy/api/response/ChatMessageGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.ChatMessageGetRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/MBTI.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.MBTI
com/ssafy/config/ChatDBConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.ChatDBConfig
com/ssafy/api/response/SidoCodeGetRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.SidoCodeGetRes
com/ssafy/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.SwaggerConfig
com/ssafy/api/controller/ChatSubController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.ChatSubController
com/ssafy/api/service/UserService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.UserService
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserTokenRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserTokenRepository
com/ssafy/db/repository/auth/UserRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.auth.UserRepository
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardRegisterRes.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardRegisterRes
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/QUserProfile.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.QUserProfile
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardCategoryRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardCategoryRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/ConferenceUser.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.ConferenceUser
com/ssafy/api/controller/MBTIController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.MBTIController
com/ssafy/api/request/UserRegisterPostReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.UserRegisterPostReq
com/ssafy/api/response/BoardListData.java
 com.ssafy.api.response.BoardListData
com/ssafy/common/auth/KakaoUserDetailService.java
 com.ssafy.common.auth.KakaoUserDetailService
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/MBTIRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.MBTIRepository
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/DogTypeRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogTypeRepository
com/ssafy/kurento/UserSession.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession$1
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession$2
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession$3
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession$4
 com.ssafy.kurento.UserSession$5
com/ssafy/api/request/BookmarkReq.java
 com.ssafy.api.request.BookmarkReq
com/ssafy/kurento/CallHandler.java
 com.ssafy.kurento.CallHandler
com/ssafy/api/controller/ConferenceController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.ConferenceController
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/CounselingHistory.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.CounselingHistory
com/ssafy/api/controller/AdoptController.java
 com.ssafy.api.controller.AdoptController
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/UserToken.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.UserToken
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/BoardImageRepositorySupport.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.BoardImageRepositorySupport
com/ssafy/db/entity/board/QDogInformation.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.board.QDogInformation
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/QCommunityImage.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.QCommunityImage
com/ssafy/api/service/MBTIService.java
 com.ssafy.api.service.MBTIService
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/QConferenceUser.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.QConferenceUser
com/ssafy/db/entity/auth/QUser.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.auth.QUser
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ConferenceRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ConferenceRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/community/QCommunity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.community.QCommunity
com/ssafy/config/WebMvcConfig.java
 com.ssafy.config.WebMvcConfig
 com.ssafy.config.WebMvcConfig$KakaoAuthHandler
com/ssafy/db/repository/board/DogInformationRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.board.DogInformationRepository
com/ssafy/db/entity/chat/BaseEntity.java
 com.ssafy.db.entity.chat.BaseEntity
com/ssafy/db/repository/chat/ConferenceUserRepository.java
 com.ssafy.db.repository.chat.ConferenceUserRepository
